DOCS-3597 Update Cron Job Article (#1347)
truenas/documentation: content/CORE/CORETutorials/Tasks/CreatingCronJobs.md

---
title: "Creating Cron Jobs"
weight: 10
aliases:
  - /core/tasks/cronjobs
---

{{< toc >}}

TrueNAS allows users to run specific commands or scripts on a regular schedule using [cron(8)](https://man.openbsd.org/cron.8 "Cron Man Page").

## Creating a Cron Job

Go to **Tasks > Cron Jobs** and click **ADD**.

![TasksCronJobsAdd](/images/CORE/12.0/TasksCronJobsAdd.png "Creating a new Cron Job")

> The **Description** helps identify the cron job's purpose and is optional.

Reviewer: remove possessive case
```suggestion
The **Description** helps identify the purpose of the cron job and is optional.
```
